## Project Scenario Walkthrough

​	For our scenario walkthrough, we will step through a standard scenario where our user wants to login, create a deck, add a flashcard to that deck, and start studying. The application starts with our Main class, and in it is our main method which will create a FlashcardSystem and a LoginSystem. The LoginSystem will first call displayLoginPage and receive input through getLoginFields. The information is passed into isValidLogin, which calls upon the AccountInteractor to verify that the username and password match a known Account in the LoginSystem. If the user puts in a correct login, we can proceed, otherwise, we loop back to accepting input. FlashcardSystem will now call the displayMainMenu method that will start the interaction with our user. The displayMainMenu method is called and will loop. Now, the FlashcardSystem awaits a response from the user to choose what they want to do. They could create a deck, study a deck, or edit a deck. For our walkthrough, the user wants to create a deck called “Decky”. The FlashcardSystem will ask the user for the name of this new deck, and will then make a call to DeckController to fetch a new deck with the name “Decky”. DeckController does this by invoking DeckInteractor’s createDeck method. Then, the DeckController adds Decky to its list of decks, and the program returns to the main menu. Now, the user wants to add a flashcard. The FlashcardSystem calls the displayEditDeckMenu and awaits user response of which deck they want to edit. Our user chooses to edit “Decky”. FlashcardSystem then receives this input and asks whether they want to add a flashcard, edit a flashcard, or delete a flashcard. Our user decides to add a flashcard. The FlashcardSystem asks the user for what they want as the front and back of this new flashcard. FlashcardSystem takes the input, and calls DeckController to create a new Flashcard with the specified front and back and add it to Decky. DeckController does this by invoking its addCard method, which invokes DeckInteractor’s addFlashcard method, which constructs a new Flashcard with the specified front and back and calls Deck’s addFlashcard method to add it to Decky. The program then returns to the main menu.

​	Now, the user wants to study Decky. The FlashcardSystem calls the displaySelectDeckToStudyMenu method. This prompts the user for a choice of deck to study. Our user chooses Decky. FlashcardSystem then invokes the displaySelectSessionMenu method, which asks the user for the type of Session they want to start. Our user wants to start a PracticeSession. The method then calls SessionController to start a PracticeSession with the deck Decky. The SessionController does this by invoking its createPracticeSession method, which invokes SessionInteractor’s createPracticeSession method, which takes the deck Decky, and returns a PracticeSession. Now, the SessionController adds the returned PracticeSession into its list of running sessions, and returns the PracticeSession. Now, displayDeckToStudyMenu has received a PracticeSession, and invokes SessionPresenter’s displaySession method to show the session to the user. The displaySession method will first invoke the getNextFlashcard method from SessionController and pass in the PracticeSession to fetch a new card. SessionController calls SessionInteractor’s getNextCard method and passes in the PracticeSession, and SessionInteractor will call PracticeSession’s getNextCard method to return a flashcard. Then, SessionPresenter receives the Flashcard and calls its getFront method and prints to the screen. It then waits for the user to recall the back of the Flashcard. Once the user has indicated that they want to see the back, the SessionPresenter invokes the card's getBack method, and finally prints the back of the Flashcard.